Guaranteed Terms
Guarantee Terms
Your work guarantee - up to £1000

We'll help if the quality of the work isn't what it should be

It's rare for our tradespeople not to deliver the quality of work expected, but if it happens then we'll help towards making it right. Our 12-month guarantee is free, there are no excess or hidden charges and may cover you in the event of sub-standard work. You can have peace of mind knowing your work may be guaranteed up to a maximum value of £1,000.* 

The Checkatrade Guarantee is not intended to cover all losses or costs that may be incurred by you.

*Regional variances apply – for further details see step 4 of the Eligibility Summary and section 4 of the T&C's. 

This guarantee is for Claims relating to Sub-Standard Work undertaken or completed after 12 February 2025. For Claims prior to this date please see here.

Eligibility Summary:

1. Contact a Checkatrade Tradesperson.

2 Keep records of documents and correspondence with your tradesperson e.g. emails, texts, invoices, proof of payments, photographs of the work etc.

3. In the event of substandard work, we strongly advise that you reach out to the Tradesperson first to make them aware of your concerns and give them the opportunity to make things right. If this doesn't resolve your issue, fill in our claim form. We will then assess your claim and notify you of the outcome of our investigation.

4. Additionally, for Customers in Scotland or Off-Platform Customers payment for the work must be made via Checkatrade Pay. 

Further eligibility criteria and T&C's apply (see below)

This guarantee is in addition to your statutory right to receive a service that is provided with reasonable skill and care.

For further information and details, including in relation to eligibility requirements and exclusions to the guarantee, please see our terms and conditions below in full.

A Claim under the Checkatrade Guarantee is not a substitute for any legal or insurance action that you may wish to take. Please check with your insurers and under any manufacturer or product warranties before claiming to ensure any potential pay out under this Checkatrade Guarantee does not prejudice your ability to bring a claim under your insurance.

Terms and Conditions

The following terms and conditions (these "Terms and Conditions" or "T&C's") apply to all customers who wish to make a Claim against Checkatrade's discretionary guarantee as set out below (the "Checkatrade Guarantee"). 

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "we", "us" or "our" means Vetted Limited, trading as "Checkatrade". The words "you" or "your" means you, as a customer of Checkatrade.

By submitting a Claim (as defined below), you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Promotional materials relating to the Checkatrade Guarantee also form part of these Terms and Conditions. The Checkatrade Guarantee is implemented by Checkatrade, the trading name of Vetted Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company no. 04285394 and with a registered office at Checkatrade, Focus Point, 21 Caledonian Road, London, N1 9DX. 